IGUI_Dream2 =	"I’m standing in some apartment and looking at the table, I see on the table some - two objects and keys. I take objects and keys from the table, I leave the apartment. The landing is very narrow and long, with mailboxes hanging along the wall. I put the keys in one of the boxes and go down to the first floor. I went outside and I heard a voice in my head. - Today, a convoy carrying 2 items passed through the city, you stole them, and now you have to hide ... Be careful, they sent for you. Suddenly I see some strange person, this is not a person, this is a silhouette of a person, consisting of television noise. Again a strange voice in my head. - This is a man-noise. He is looking for you. Run ... Run into the yards. Strange, but for some reason there are no people around. I understand that this way he will easily find me ...",
IGUI_Dream3 = "I am scared and I have a strong feeling that they are watching me and are being persecuted. I take one of the items taken in the apartment from the table from my pocket and throw it on the ground in front of me. The subject flew into the air, began to stretch out and turned into some kind of long thick worm, painted in a rainbow. The worm curled up into an eight and this eight just rotates in the air. And again this voice .. - Ultimatum of pain ... Now the eyes of the whole world will be riveted to this place. Run! I'm running back to the apartment. Check if the keys are in place. All this time I’m very nervous about the feeling of persecution. What should I do? I run out into the street. Dark. Some strange darkness that appeared in the middle of the day ...",
IGUI_Dream4 = "A strange place. Cramped room, very low ceiling, you have to move crouched. Two doors, both closed by bolts from thick black boards. The boards feel cold, wet and slippery. I try to move the bolt, nothing happens, my hands slide on the surface. Something sticky on the palms ...",
IGUI_Dream6 = "What forces I have run to the forest. Already in the woods I turn around. Where there was this rainbow eight, some rays of light, similar to the rays of searchlights, and a lot of military equipment, helicopters in the air and loud cries are heard. I do not stop running into the darkness of the forest ...",
IGUI_Dream63_Say = "Hmm. I had a strange dream...", --- New text version (changed),
IGUI_Dreams_Window = "Dream #",